---
layout: post
title:  "8 Great Reasons to Stay at the JB Duke Hotel"
date:   2018-01-22 08:00:00
isStaticPost: false
---

1. **Experience the gorgeous, modern JB Duke Hotel nestled in a pine forest on the edge of campus.** TripAdvisor calls it the “perfect location for a Duke visit.”
2. **Save your budget with reasonable rates: only $169 a night!**
3. **Enjoy gourmet meals included with the room rates.** Each room registration includes breakfast and lunch Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday as well as dinner on Wednesday at the JB Duke Marketplace Dining Room.
4. **Play late-night ping pong!** Challenge your VIVO colleagues to a game, or organize a tournament.
5. **Simplify your trip: the shortest distance to the conference is from your room at the JB Duke.** No need to stress about renting a car, finding your way, and locating dining options.
6. **Schmooze with colleagues at evening events at the hotel**; stay at the hotel and relax at the receptions on Wednesday and Thursday, Explore Durham group dinners, and After-Hours Social. More details about these and other fun events are coming your way soon.
7. **Help out your Duke hosts and contribute to the VIVO project.** The financial bottom line for the Conference depends on attendees staying at the JB Duke, and the hotel has offered us an amazing package. You won’t find a better deal, and the conference is not located near other hotels and neighborhoods.
8. **Stay active during the conference!** Visit the JB Duke’s great gym or get outdoors and explore Duke’s gorgeous campus, play the Washington Duke’s golf course, or run the challenging Al Buehler Trail. 
